colorbar: ax instead of ax1 & ax2 (#107)
mathause/mplotutils: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.5.0 (unreleased)

### Breaking changes

> - The `ax1` and `ax2` arguments of `mpu.colorbar` have been renamed and combined into `ax` ([#107](https://github.com/mathause/mplotutils/pull/107))

Author: ```suggestion
- The `ax1` and `ax2` arguments of `mpu.colorbar` have been combined into `ax` ([#107](https://github.com/mathause/mplotutils/pull/107))
```

  To update

   ```diff
   - mpu.colorbar(h, axs[0], axs[1])
   + mpu.colorbar(h, [axs[0], axs[1]])
   ```
   or
   ```diff
   - mpu.colorbar(h, axs[0], axs[1])
   + mpu.colorbar(h, axs)
   ```

> - When passing `size` to `mpu.colorbar` it now uses the height/ width of _all_ passed axes to scale the colorbar. This is consistent with `plt.colorbar` but may change the height/ width the colorbar compared to the previous version ([#107](https://github.com/mathause/mplotutils/pull/107)).

Author: ```suggestion
- When passing `size` to `mpu.colorbar` it now uses the height/ width of _all_ passed axes to scale the colorbar. This is consistent with `plt.colorbar` but may lead to differences compared to the previous version ([#107](https://github.com/mathause/mplotutils/pull/107)).
```
